Katoomba: Ruined Castle
	A beautiful walk through the town of Katoomba from the station before descending into Jamison Valley via the steep Furber Steps. Followed by a stroll underneath the cliffs of Narrow Neck Plateau and a sharp climb up onto the crown of the Ruined Castle.

Wentworth Falls 1
	The great and mighty Wentworth Falls. An enormous waterfall that flows from Wentworth Falls Lake, along the Charles Darwin Walk as Jamison Creek and dropping deep into the Jamison Valley towards Burragorang Lake. The walk consists of a paths both above and below the massive cliff walls.

Blackheath: Blue Gum Forest
	A difficult track that leads down straight into the Grose Valley from Govett's Leap Lookout, through the magnificent Blue Gums and back up the steep Perry's Lookdown. Throughout the trip, the moss covered wall beneath Govett's Leap and the towering Banks Wall are visible.

Wondabyne
	A lonely, on-request train stop, only wide enough for the last door of the last carriage of the train. A steep walk up the mountain side splits into two paths;one towards Pindar Cave, anther towards Kariong Brook Falls and beyond.

Katoomba: Mount Solitary
	A visit to the mountain with cliff faces that takes center stage from the view at Echo Point. From the cliff-top town of Katoomba, down into Jamison Valleyand finally up the steep exposed ridgeline of Mount Solitary. This lengthy, adventurous trip rewards with a rare view of Lake Burragorang beyond.

Royal National Park 1 B->O
	The quintessential coastal walk. An endless series of colourful, rugged cliffs with waterfalls that drop straight into the ocean and pristine beaches. These features combined with the dynamic changes in foliage from end to end, provides an insight into why the area became Australia's first National Park.
	
Wentworth Falls 2
	A come-back to the iconic waterfall and cliff walks, retracing the path along Wentworth Pass heading towards the Valley of Waters. Continuing along and followingthe overgrown, wet and leech-infested Roberts Pass, before heading up through Inspiration Point made this another memorable experience.

Mountain Lagoon - Colo River
	From the heart of the Blue Mountains, a long gradual descent along the mountain ridge off Mountain Lagoon, reveals the twisting Colo River below.At the tip of the ridge, the cool, clear waters of the Colo River gently flow past the sandy banks.

Mount Hay
	A long bumpy car ride reaches an other-worldly setting with low lying shrubs that grants unobstructed views of the clifs above Grose River and even to the city far beyond. Multiple trakcs meander throughout the area, along the cliff towards Butterbox Point and even to the peak of Mount Hay.
	
*Wolgan Valley
	Climbing the steep sides of Donkey Mountain, which sits at the center of the Wolgan Valley, reveals an endless series of narrow slots, canyons and hidden chambers at the top.Situated throughout the valley are remnants of the Newnes industrial ruins and the magical glow-worm tunnel.

Blackheath: Grand Canyon
	A stunning delve down into the cool and wet rainforest, wedged between the deep and narrow, sandstone canyon walls. Carved out by thousands of years of flowing river,the loop track is clear and well signposted, with even places to abseil into dark caves. Truly a grand experience

*Morton National Park
	Looking up from the Long Gully Carpark below, the imposing, tiered cliff faces of The Castle stand proud.Above, a labrynth of cliffs, towering stone pagodas and clear, flat-topped plateaus provide an unforgettable view of the heart of the mighty Morton National Park.

Blackheath: Centennial Glen
	A windy, open plateau top with extensive views out into the Megalong Valley and the mountains beyond, descends into a dramatically contrasting surrounding.A waterfall that runs over a slippery, stone staircase leads out onto a underside cliff walk before looping back up to the open tops.

Royal National Park 2 O->B
	A return to the beautiful coastal cliff walk. This time in reverse, from Otford Station to the town of Bundeena and a ferry to Cronulla. A slightly easier trekdue to the overall downhill progress, but still a challenging amount of walking to complete within a single day.

Lithgow: Newnes State Forest
	Charactersied by the dry foliage and jagged stone landscapes, the Newnes State Forest fosters many hidden gems. The lush green swamp within Gooch's crater, and themagnificence of the robust pagodas of the Lost City are such examples of the unique landscape.

Leura: Prince Henry Cliff Walk
	A short day out with a large group of friends, following the quiet clifftop tracks to waterfalls, and looking out to the same iconic views of Jamison Valley,but without the tourist bustle of Echo Point. Many great, rocky lookout points including Olympian Rock and Elysian Rock.

Glenbrook: Gorge
	Fantastic walk railing Glenbrook Creek, ecnapsulated on both sides by sheer cliff walls that snakes along with the river out to the Neapean River.Few sections of rock scrabbling and creek bashing makes for an adventurous trip with an option to go up to Mount Portal.

*Namadgi National Park
	The great expanses of open grasslands, dotted with kangaroos and brumbies. The slumbering snow-capped peaks of Mount Bimberi and the surrounding mountains.These are but a mere glimpse into the seemingly endless, remote wilderness of the Australian High Country.

Lawson: Empire Pass
	Journey from Lawson Station to Hazelbrook Station via the wet, forests of Empire Pass. Many moss covered waterfalls and swampy, muddy patches along the trackmakes for an enjoyable and cool walk with friends.

*Cox's River: Tinpot Loop
	A sudden, on-a-whim, journey to the megalong valley, for a tough but adventurous walk. Many pastures and fields, cows and a knee-busting downhill from Tinpot Hill leads towards the great Cox's River. Along the river, more cows and exaggerated, rocky mountain faces surround.

*Bonnum Pic
	A uniquely conical shaped mountain formation which juts out of the seemingly endless cliff line of Nattai National Park. Starting near some farm pastures,the route follows along a single, undulating, ridge that opens up to some exposed rocky areas before sharply inclining to the peak.

Maitland Bay
	An exciting road trip out with friends, on a hot but beautiful day, at the quiet and prestine beach of Maitland Bay in Bouddi National Park.Crystal clear waters gently lapping on the golden, yellow shore, filled with small fish and baby stingrays.

*Barrington Tops National Park
	Extremely remote and high up in elevation, Barrington Tops boasts a large expanse of marshy swamps at the top, with ancient rainforests lining the ridges and valleysbelow. With quarantine measures in place to stop the spreading of Phytophthora, many boot sanitization stations are present.

Lawson: Terrace Falls
	A nice descent down from either Lawson or Hazelbrook station, following a creek down through multiple small but wide and grand waterfalls.The amazingly wide Terrace Falls stands out amongst other waterfalls for its' almost stage like atmosphere for the water to flow down.

RNP: Jibbon - Marley Return
	Yet another return to the majestic Royal National Park. This time, exploring the Jibbon Beach and the northern head of Royal National Park, as well as walking along the Coastal Walk to Big Marley Beach and its' desert-like, wide beach and sand dunes.
	
*Katoomba: Redledge Pass
	Off the beaten track on the top of Narrow Neck Plateau, a small overgrown trail leads down through to the historical Redledge Pass.Through it and down in the Megalong Valley, forgotten foundations and the straight path of an old tramway line hints at the old Glen Shale Mines.

*Kings Tableland: Lion's Head
	The great plateau marking the eastern cliffs of the Jamison Valley, aptly named the Kings Tableland. A single fire trail runs along the top,with a few trails that run right up to the cliff edges. Lion's Head is one of the prominent peaks along the cliff lines, near a pass down into the valley.

*Kanangra Boyd National Park
	An ethereal dreamscape, where rugged plateaus meet deep sharp valleys and ravines. The chasm between the lookout and Kanangra Walls is like a scene straight out of a dream. The prominent peaks of Mount Cloudmaker and surrounding peaks, visible from the distant lookouts in Katoomba, display its' grandeur.

*Pisgah Rock - Dadder Cave
	Deep within Glenbrook National Park, Pisgah Rock looks out over the great bend of Erskine Creek. Descending down through the Enchanted Forest, the crystal clear, flowof the river comes down from the direction of Dadder Cave.

Lane Cove National Park
	Nestled Between the bustling urban centers of Epping and Chatswood lies the familiar, yet easily missed, Lane Cove National Park. Straddling the Lane Cove river and its' valley are surprising amounts of wildlife and natural features that lives up to its' title as a National Park.

Mount Hay: Venus Tor
	A return to the peacefulness of the Mount Hay area, this time to the almost other-worldly rock formations of Venus Tor beyond Mount Hay. Observably drier than thewest side of Mount Hay, the area surrounding Venus Tor hosts many small flower bushes and an abundance of insects.

Wentworth Falls 3
	Yet another return to the familiar walk at Wentworth Falls, following yet another of the cliffside walks, the National Pass Track and the Overcliff Track. Not asdeep of a descent down as Wentworth Pass, making for a nice, cool and pleasant walk.

Woy Woy: Spion Kop + Bouddi
	A rainy and wet but enjoyable walk up a big hill teeming with mosquitos, along an exposed rocky river and above gentle mountain tops.At the end, the exposed, rocky face of Spion Kop looks over the expanse of Brisbane Water that reaches to the town of Woy Woy.

Lapstone: Knapsack Viaduct
	The area is filled to the brim with the remains of the historical Lapstone ZigZag. With many paths that gets right up to the modern train bridgeand the motorway, as well as the old Knapsack Viaduct, the developmental history of the area can easily be felt.

*Winmalee: Grose Head South
	Starting at the edge of Winmalee and the Blue Mountains, the serene and flat Blue Gum Swamp Track is enveloped by massive Blue Gums and the trickling sounds of the creek. A long uphill climb opens up to a cliffside view of the Lower Grose River, just below the peak of Grose Head South.
